Welcome to Precursor!

this is the first Devlog for Precursor
It has been in-dev for a while (since 2017)
and I'm just getting around to making something like this.

I updated my Atom to Pulsar recently, and saw that it had Github integration,
which is quite good for game-dev on the go.

The game is being made in Godot. but by using .tres files
I should be able to make or edit item .tres files remotely from Pulsar.

This is great If I want to do some game-dev in bed, or
on the go, which is the main intentions of having something
like this setup.

These devlogs are mostly just comments I have on the
current development, what I am currently working on,
or figuring out.

As of right now, the bulk of Text for Precursor is
actually being held locally in Zettlr
(a free Obsidian alternative).
and various small txt files on my main PC. (bad)

most of the image icons are currently held in a .kra (Krita) file
which can be easily converted into a large png TextureAtlas for Godot.

If I ever decide I want to edit that .kra file remotely it'll likely be
posted here, but for right now
unless I'm using my laptop, I don't see a purpose in that

I might move them to this repo at some point.

Expect to see .tres files though.

----------------------


I'm coming to the realization that I could probably create .tres files for my Entities too?
- of course it'd not be the exact same.
- They will also have an icon portrait that I should be putting in the .kra file.
- they could have a description if right clicked
- having a default sound for entity selection is kinda the main thing I'd like from this.

I think first I should start with an Entity.tres file and give it some defaults and future Entities can extend from that.

--------------------------



Today I've been working on Selection mechanics for Interactible Entities.
I realized that I wanted a 3D mouse, similar to Black and White 2's mouse that was able to pick up things in the world, but also to interact with a 2D layer like
an inventory to place those items in.

 I came to the realization that this is what FPS games do when they want a gun to render above other meshes
