The player will discover the tiny pool of blue eco after traversing through the bottomless cave, and arriving at the bottom of the world.
they should message this to the Adamantine statue, who will tell them where to find the empty Capsule. which is far above and requires jumping/climbing puzzles to reach

You say a tiny pool of it remains, the remnants of the resevoir before it was destroyed.
I know of one such capsule, hidden high in the clouds.
we must go to another domain, one that is rich with eco.

Scematics for the unfinished heart.
"It seems like Naya was constructing a heart here, but abandoned this project, and this domain"
there are various schematics here, for many things, including an early *droid carapace* and *automated proshetics*
(the player must rebuild the droid using the schematics, using the fabricator)
[Fabricator]

the capsule has multiple uses, it can be used on the door to the ancient lab, draining it, and opening the door
underneath, they will find a cave-system leading to a cliffside underneath

the player can activate the control console inside the lab using an arcanite spring,
If they do, they will also see the location of the Rusted droid head, which is currently stuck behind the waterfall in another domain. if the player climbs the waterfall they will be
able to grab the head.
[flooded domain]
the land is flooded, but there is a mechanism that can move the waves. it should allow us access to the caverns.
waterfall puzzle. second droid head.
"we need something to blast through this rock, we must travel to another domain"
behind this adamantine door is the machine, the heart of the world.
which generated this eco, and the eco in turn, kept it cool.
it seems that it is currently unfunctional. the eco here is all that remains.

[Tower domain]

We should redirect eco into the portal, to make a new resevoir.

The hole in the bottomless cave must be filled.

at the end of this, is the diapilated droid head, which can be reactivated by carrying it to the Natural Pool.
"It is an antiquated droid that requires it's resevoir to be filled with eco."

"you said it was a machine. the heart of the world."
It seems like this machine, whatever it is.. isn't funcitoning, this is what remains of it's cooling system, a resevoir of blue eco.
which, is valuable back in the other world.

Look, these mushrooms started to grow..seemingly because of the blue eco. life is returning even to the rock.

by entering through the portal, the player arrives at Resevoir Cavern, they can transport part of the resevoir to be used as a permanent source of blue eco.

The door is rusted closed, and cannot be opened with a blue eco capsule, even though there is a socket for one.


The droid gives you the schematic for the Siphon which can be used with a precursor socket.

The droid must be given an Eco Capsule, as without it, it will power down within a few minutes.

If the player does all of this successfully, then the droid can be used to mine ore or coal, which can be smelted.

Brewing is good because it attracts people to the Tavern. and they have good information, rare resources, including the beanstalk.


The world is ending. Naya has assumed control of the heart of the world, and has initiated the great storm. it is raining now.
against unsurmontable odds; it can no longer be saved.
the last hope is to go to another time, where Naya can be stopped.
The last of the remnants, aboard the hulk, must strike key areas, to pass through time unchallenged.


The treasury is super important to the game, and if the treasury is big or small enough, new avenues are unlocked or become unlocked.
this means that the game will
