



[Rusted droid head] "Rusty"
This Angel inherited a barren world of stone and emptiness. from nothing, he made
metal machineries. they built monoliths. rivaling the angels themselves.

they were just like us.

The angels taught initially of kindness, growth, purpose.
eventually, destruction, torment, inevitability and lonliness.

the rust affected the angel. he saw himself rust, just as we did.
The choral whirs now malfunctioning.

a hundred purgatgories, perhaps more, not for ourselves, but for the angels.
the angels had used a machine for it all, not creators, just puppets of a
greater design.
----
Conduit
------
There are many good adamantine items to copy.
copying the adamantine prism actually creates a duplicate of the fisher realm,
meaning that the player can do both plot-lines.

They can also copssy an adamantine sphere containing their own soul,
in which case, the player character also becomes available as a companion

If Naya, or one of his followers strikes you down, you will be permanently
removed from the world.
You are currently vulnerable to death

If I had an item made of adamantine, I would be able to splinter your soul.
meaning, if you should die, only in part will you die.
I can capture you in the ether, and pull you back, placing you in a new
shell.

Sharili Leaves when burned turn into an adamantine alloy (Sharilium), this makes
Sharili leaves valuable like a currency. The Sharili compounds must of course
be removed for it to possess any true value.
Sharili is known for it's anti-magic properties, which makes it difficult
for casters to use sharilium in any context given that it greatly nullifies




Without the ring on your person; you will permanently die.








then, something happened. the first pariah, dooming the entire race.


Droid heads acontain a droids consciousness, these droids having unique
personalities, and some even once being mortal.

Droid heads require at least a solar workstation for basic stationary communication, or better,
an Enlumed Carapace for full functionality.

The Adamantine Vessel can cook food and doesn't require any additional components
to do so

the precursor guantlet is usable by anyone in the party, as long as they have
the adequate power source.

frogive me for this friend, Naya searches for you. you must stay here.
(he defeats you and destroys you, and you remain alive in a deactivated state)

your memories will be preserved.
I will rebuild you.


I can give you the curse of flesh, wouldn't that be nice?

Abilities are tied to items.

If you grant a raw lum to a droid, you will create a Pariah. they may not
thank you for this.

Reconstuct is an ability of the Precursor guantlet, which allows you to
rebuild broken precursor architecture.

The game allows you to duplicate an item legitimately, by firstly making a
clone of yourself which carries the item.
