The game starts with the survive mission. With many characters, including the player character almost dying.

The world is ending. Naya has assumed control of the heart of the world, and has initiated the great storm. it is raining now.
against unsurmontable odds; it can no longer be saved.
the last hope is to go to another time, where Naya can be stopped.
The last of the remnants, aboard the hulk, must strike key areas, to pass through time unchallenged.

The only way out or to succeed is by touching the Orb that was knocked out of Naya's hand.
teleporting them to the Sculptor Realm.

You travelled here, how? you certainly did not best Naya. He will be looking for this Orb, and when he rediscovers it, you will be slain.
There is a door to another world, your best chance of escape. The Abandoned Mengagerie.
I suggest you make your way there.

Duplication is fine but it must be a game mechanic, the player should feel like they are breaking the game even though it is fully intentional.

[Adamantine Golem]
Originally begins as the Adamantine Statue.
potential companion. I can tell you much about this place, this world. more importantly, I can help you discover new doors.
all I ask is that, I remain intact.
you have the choice to melt the adamantine golem down, giving you some of the best equipment in the game, or you can have them as a compnaion.

they should message this to the Adamantine statue, who will tell them where to find the empty Capsule. which is far above and requires jumping/climbing puzzles to reach

You say a tiny pool of it remains, the remnants of the resevoir before it was destroyed.
I know of one such capsule, hidden high in the clouds.
we must go to another domain, one that is rich with eco.

Scematics for the unfinished heart.
"It seems like Naya was constructing a heart here, but abandoned this project, and this domain"
there are various schematics here, for many things, including an early *droid carapace* and *automated proshetics*
(the player must rebuild the droid using the schematics, using the fabricator)
[Fabricator]

the capsule has multiple uses, it can be used on the door to the ancient lab, draining it, and opening the door
underneath, they will find a cave-system leading to a cliffside underneath

the player can activate the control console inside the lab using an arcanite spring,
If they do, they will also see the location of the Rusted droid head, which is currently stuck behind the waterfall in another domain. if the player climbs the waterfall they will be
able to grab the head.
[flooded domain]
the land is flooded, but there is a mechanism that can move the waves. it should allow us access to the caverns.
waterfall puzzle. second droid head.
"we need something to blast through this rock, we must travel to another domain"
behind this adamantine door is the machine, the heart of the world.
which generated this eco, and the eco in turn, kept it cool.
it seems that it is currently unfunctional. the eco here is all that remains.

Our pelts, our claws, they are worth extremely little.
no quest will send you here, no legendary item requires our hides.
we purposefully drain our lums giving back to the land. killing us serves no purpose.

[Tower domain]

when they defeat the final boss of the tower domain, they will drop an orb that allows them to travel to the Cavern Domain
We should redirect eco into the portal, to make a new resevoir.

The hole in the bottomless cave must be filled.

at the end of this, is the diapilated droid head, which can be reactivated by carrying it to the Natural Pool.
"It is an antiquated droid that requires it's resevoir to be filled with eco."

"you said it was a machine. the heart of the world."
It seems like this machine, whatever it is.. isn't funcitoning, this is what remains of it's cooling system, a resevoir of blue eco.
which, is valuable back in the other world.sw

Look, these mushrooms started to grow..seemingly because of the blue eco. life is returning even to the rock.

by entering through the portal, the player arrives at Resevoir Cavern, they can transport part of the resevoir to be used as a permanent source of blue eco.

The door is rusted closed, and cannot be opened with a blue eco capsule, even though there is a socket for one.


The droid gives you the schematic for the Siphon which can be used with a precursor socket.

The droid must be given an Eco Capsule, as without it, it will power down within a few minutes.

If the player does all of this successfully, then the droid can be used to mine ore or coal, which can be smelted.

Brewing is good because it attracts people to the Tavern. and they have good information, rare resources, including the beanstalk.


The treasury is super important to the game, and if the treasury is big or small enough, new avenues are unlocked or become unlocked.

We will have one attempt to challenge Naya, in the form of a damaged droid. our goal is to chip his armor, and throw the fragment into the ether
where it can later be retrieved.

Lum-laden Adamantine Shard
Incredible, this shard seems to contain a fragmented lum.
We can use these to reconstuct an orb or two, and get some technology running.

an ability that is available to everyone that makes the game easier, but using it results in your character getting more corrupted,
until they are fully corrupted

"Nayas war against the droids was an unsuccessful one, that resulted in the deaths of many precursors,
Naya resulted to damaging their discs in an earlier timeline. this rendered many of them dysfunctional and vulnerable, they did not know it.
Although droids continued for sometime after, they degraded greatly over time. many of them drained of the lum energies they required.
many droids, including functional ones, still exist. however are shadows of their former selves, often left to rot and degrade further.



"you may not realize this, but you have inherited many Lums from Naya, so many of them, in fact, that you seem to be Naya himself"
Yet, you do not speak as Naya does, nor act as Naya does.


Items and spells are limited use, and you must return to camp to recharge them.

you are given a portal item to the pocket domain at the very beginning of the game.

"Most people possess 2 lums, one for themselves, the thng keeping them alive, and one spare, to save the life of someone else, most do not have a spare,
and many do not even posess one whole lum. often, fragmented creations."

Your party members can be anywhere in the world, either together or working seperately.

the adamantine door is impassable, you can only exit it from within

"Domains used to be a part of the world, but they were seperated from the main world, and became many threads"
